Multi tenant privatelink document framework. (#2806)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/get-started/privatelink/snowflake-privatelink.md

Then, you must open a support case with Snowflake so they can grant access to dbt’s account or subscription. Snowflake teams prefer that you open these support cases directly, rather than dbt Labs acting on your behalf. For more information, you can refer to [Snowflake's article about setting up](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/HowtosetupPrivatelinktoSnowflakefromCloudServiceVendors). Provide them with your dbt Cloud account ID along with any other information requested in the article. 

You need to have `ACCOUNTADMIN` access to the Snowflake instance to complete these steps.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/snowflakeprivatelink1.png" title="Open snowflake case"/>

Run the Snowflake system function [SYSTEM$GET_PRIVATELINK_CONFIG](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/system_get_privatelink_config.html) and provide the output to the dbt Labs support team. 

dbt Labs will work on your behalf to complete the PrivateLink setup. Please allow 1-2 business days for this process to complete. Support will contact you when the service is available. 

> ## Configuring new endpoints with PrivateLink

Author: ```suggestion
## Configure new endpoints with PrivateLink
```

Once dbt Cloud support completes the configuration, you can start creating new connections using PrivateLink. 

1. Navigate to settings → Create new project → select Redshift

> 2. You will see two radio buttons: **Public** and **Private.** Select Private 

Author: ```suggestion
2. You will see two radio buttons: **Public** and **Private.** Select **Private**. 
```

---
title: "Configuring Snowflake PrivateLink"
id: snowflake-privatelink
description: "Configuring PrivateLink for Snowflake"

> sidebar_label: "Snowflake PrivateLink"

Author: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "PrivateLink for Snowflake"
```

> ---

Reviewer: same comments regarding the front matter as before

> ## Configure the Snowflake PrivateLink with AWS or Azure

Reviewer: same comment as before regarding SEO when a heading immediately follows a page title

> ## Configure the Snowflake PrivateLink with AWS or Azure

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To complete the PrivateLink connection between the dbt and your private networks, first contact dbt Labs support to obtain the AWS or Azure `resource ID`. 

Reviewer: for our support team, i've been suggesting "dbt Cloud support" because i was influenced by these pages:

- https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/legacy/getting-help#dbt-cloud-support 
- https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-support

but i actually don't know if we have a standard on this though.

Author: If it's what we're doing, I'm on board. I'll keep this in mind going forward

> A support case must then be created with Snowflake so they can grant access to dbt’s account or subscription. Snowflake teams prefer that customers open these support cases directly, rather than dbt Labs acting on your behalf. Please refer to [this article](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/HowtosetupPrivatelinktoSnowflakefromCloudServiceVendors) for more information. Provide them with your dbt Cloud account ID along with any other information requested in the article. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you must open a support case with Snowflake so they can grant access to dbt’s account or subscription. Snowflake teams prefer that you open these support cases directly, rather than dbt Labs acting on your behalf. For more information, you can refer to [Snowflake's article about setting up](https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/HowtosetupPrivatelinktoSnowflakefromCloudServiceVendors). Provide them with your dbt Cloud account ID along with any other information requested in the article. 
```

You need to have `ACCOUNTADMIN` access to the Snowflake instance to complete these steps.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/snowflakeprivatelink1.png" title="Open snowflake case"/>

> Run the SYSTEM$GET_PRIVATELINK_CONFIG as outlined [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/system_get_privatelink_config.html) and provide the output to the dbt Labs support team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Snowflake system function [SYSTEM$GET_PRIVATELINK_CONFIG](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/system_get_privatelink_config.html) and provide the output to the dbt Labs support team. 
```

> dbt Labs teams will then work behind the scenes to complete the PrivateLink setup. Please allow 24-48 hours for this process to be completed. Support will contact you when the service is available. 

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs teams will work behind the scenes to complete the PrivateLink setup. Please allow 1-2 business days for this process to be completed. Support will contact you when the service is available. 
```

> dbt Labs teams will work behind the scenes to complete the PrivateLink setup. Please allow 1-2 business days for this process to be completed. Support will contact you when the service is available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs will work on your behalf to complete the PrivateLink setup. Please allow 1-2 business days for this process to complete. Support will contact you when the service is available. 
```

> ## Configuring new endpoints with PrivateLink

Reviewer: same comment as before (verb instead of gerund)

> Once support has completed the configuration, you can start creating new connections using PrivateLink. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once dbt Cloud support completes the configuration, you can start creating new connections using PrivateLink. 
```

1. Navigate to settings → Create new project → select Redshift

> 2. You will see two radio buttons: **Public** and **Private.** Select Private 

Reviewer: same comment as before

> 3. Select the private endpoint from the dropdown (this will automatically populate the hostname/account field)

Reviewer: same comment as before

> 4. Configure the remaining DWH details 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure the remaining DWH details.
```

> 5. Test your connection and save it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Test your connection and save it.
```
